docs: remove referring to non-existent myHighlight property (#41410)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/dependency-injection-in-action.md

(An `ElementRef` is a wrapper around a DOM element,
whose `nativeElement` property exposes the DOM element for the directive to manipulate.)

> The sample code applies the directive to two `<div>` tags,

Reviewer: It looks like the attribute changed to `appHighlight` instead of `myHighlight`, but the documentation didn't. So my suggestion is to be as specific with this documentation and just update it to the proper attribute name.
```suggestion
The sample code applies the directive's `appHighlight` attribute to two `<div>` tags,
```
